# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).


## [3.1.0] - 14-01-2025

### Added
- The fields Min. order quantity and Max. order quantity are now added to the feed

### Changed
- Added some twig blocks in the product feed template

### Fixed
- In some cases cross-selling on products with variants didn't work. This update fixes this behaviour and will show cross-sellings based on the variant that is within the Tweakwise feed.
- Fixed search on 404 pages

## [3.0.7] - 24-12-2024

### Fixed
- Fixed issue with categories from dynamic product groups not showing up in feed

## [3.0.6] - 18-12-2024

### Changed
- Added the type of feed and domains of the feed in the admin module

### Fixed
- Fixed issue with categories from other sales channels assigned to a product

## [3.0.5] - 17-12-2024

### Added
- Added events to be able to alter criteria and results before writing the feed to the XML

### Fixed
- Fixed issue with advanced pricing not using the rules attached to the price tier
- Resolved a problem setting the group key while adding a cross-sell to a product
- Made sure all categories are used including categories based on dynamic product groups

### Changed
- Added more twig blocks in templates

## [3.0.4] - 09-09-2024

### Added
- Use cron notation for scheduling feed generation
- Add possibility to start import task after feed generation completed

### Fixed
- Fixed an issue with categories containing products but are set to stream afterwards
- Fixed performance issue with high number of child products causing memory issues

### Changed
- Set default recurring on once a day at 3am

## [3.0.3] - 27-06-2024

### Added
- Added tag as separate attributes in feed

## [3.0.2] - 14-06-2024

### Fixed
- Fixed issue creating new feeds


## [3.0.1] - 14-06-2024

### Added
- In the administration on Settings > Extensions > Tweakwise feed, you can now set the interval for a feed. Besides that, you can force regenerating the specific feed.

### Changed
- Feeds will now be generated by a scheduled task. You can still use the console command which will force a regeneration of the feeds. 

## [3.0.0] - 10-06-2024

### Added
- Support for Shopware 6.6. v3 will be only available for Shopware 6.6. v2.x will still be available for Shopware 6.5 

## [2.8.1] - 05-06-2024

### Fixed
- Fixed wrongly generated JS


## [2.8.0] - 05-06-2024

### Added
- Added possibility to set the way of pagination

### Fixed
- Fixed issue with wrong path when generating feed

## [2.7.2] - 11-04-2024

### Fixed
- Some fixes for PHP 7.4 compatibility 

## [2.7.1] - 11-04-2024

### Fixed
- Some fixes for PHP 7.4 compatibility 

## [2.7.0] - 28-03-2024

### Added
- From now on products that are bound to categories based on dynamic product groups, are also exported. 

## [2.6.1] - 21-03-2024

### Fixed
- If for whatever reason no price can be retrieved, this will not cause an error anymore when the feed is generated
- Fixed extensionkey when resolving the path for the feed templates
- The add to cart button is now also working on cross- and upsell and recommendations

## [2.6.0] - 15-03-2024

### Added
- In the feed configuration you can now define if categories which are hidden in the navigation should be exported for Tweakwise or not.

## [2.5.0] - 12-03-2024

### Added
- In the Tweakwise frontend config, you can now enable checkout sales option. This can be either a featured product group or a cross-sell based on the last product that is added to the cart.
- Added the possibility to set the number of products per row in the frontend. You can set a value for desktop, tablet and mobile devices.

### Fixed
- The settings for feed and frontend are now available again in Shopware 6.4 settings

## [2.4.4] - 13-02-2024

### Added
- You can now use the CMS element Tweakwise Featured Products in the Shopping Experience. With this element you can show featured products as specified in the Tweakwise App in your shop.

### Changed
- The add to cart button is now using the offcanvas cart instead of forwarding to the PDP after adding the product to the shopping cart.
 
### Fixed
- Rules will now be applied to advanced pricing options when generating the feed

## [2.4.3] - 25-01-2024

> ### Important
> **Due to the regulation prices, we had to update the minimal Shopware version to 6.4.10** 

### Added
- Add list-price and regulation-price to lowest and highest advanced pricing
- Properties of included variants are now added to the feed as well

## [2.4.2] - 15-12-2023

### Fixed
- Fixed issue cross-sellings not showing up


## [2.4.1] - 14-12-2023

### Fixed
- Fixed issue with older PHP-versions and extra comma in class header

## [2.4.0] - 12-12-2023

### Added
- Added cross-sell recommendations feature

## [2.3.0] - 01-12-2023

### Added
- Added category and facet options to the suggestions
- Added sales channel information to product feed

### Changed
- The template of the dedicated search page is changed a bit 

### Fixed
- Now the right domain of a category is showing up in the feed

## [2.2.1] - 23-11-2023

### Added
- Added a block in feed for labels so it is easier to override the labels set in the feed

## [2.2.0] - 22-11-2023

### Added
- Added the option to use suggestions. You can configure the way of search in your Tweakwise Frontend configuration.

### Fixed
- Fixed issue with not-showing icons in the admin.

## [2.1.8] - 16-11-2023

### Added
- The following fields are added to the feed: `sw-price-lowest-net`, `sw-price-lowest-gross`, `sw-price-lowest-quantity-start`, `sw-price-lowest-quantity-end`, `sw-price-highest-net`, `sw-price-highest-gross`, `sw-price-highest-quantity-start`, `sw-price-lowest-highest-end`, `sw-media-1`. See [docs](DOC.md) for more information.

## [2.1.7] - 14-11-2023

### Added
- The following fields are added to the feed: `sw-weight`, `sw-width`, `sw-height`, `sw-length`, `sw-is-closeout`, `sw-delivery-time`, `sw-description`, `sw-purchase-unit`, `sw-reference-unit` 

### Changed
- Made it more clear in the docs which fields are in the feed. It will now show both label as in the admin as well as the name of the field how it will be exported to Tweakwise.

### Fixed
- Fixed the compatibility with 6.4. You can now use this version again in your Shopware 6.5 installation.

## [2.1.6] - 09-11-2023

### Changed
- The plugin now supports Shopware 6.5!!

## [2.1.5] - 27-10-2023

### Added
- Added documentation at [GitHub](https://github.com/richardhaeser-com/sw-tweakwise/blob/main/DOC.md)

### Fixed
- By adding a sorting in the feed, no products are skipped in the feed.
- The net price in the feed is now also working properly if the price if you have a minimum order quantity

## [2.1.4] - 28-09-2023

### Fixed
- Use proper context to calculate advanced pricing 

### Changed
- Removed own way of generating thumbnails and fall back on generated thumbnails of Shopware

### Added
- Added tags of product in feed property sw-tags. This is a comma seperated list of all tags assigned to the product.

## [2.1.3] - 31-08-2023

### Changed
- Added check if variants are active before adding it to the feed

## [2.1.2] - 28-08-2023

### Changed
- Added twig block around product image to be able to override the image handling

## [2.1.1] - 28-08-2023

### Fixed
- Export right variants of products based on the settings of the products

## [2.1.0] - 05-07-2023

### Added
- Add net price as default attribute (thnx @ruudwelten)

### Fixed
- Add absolute feed path for execution from anywhere (thnx @ruudwelten)

### Changed
- Changed the way the feed is generated and respect the variant listing settings again
- Check if discount is actually present (thnx @ruudwelten)
- Remove check on age of feed when rendering in frontend

## [2.0.1] - 14-06-2023

### Fixed
- You can now create new feeds again after fixing a JavaScript error in the admin module.

## [2.0.0] - 13-06-2023

> ### BREAKING
> **Be aware that this is a breaking change! Besides that you need to reconfigure the frontend (see changed), the URL of your feed will also change. You can find the right URL of the feed in the Feed settingw**

### Added
- You can now define one or more feeds and decide which sales channel domains should be included. With this option you can make sure only the information that is needed will be exported to Tweakwise.
- Besides having the option to create one or more feeds, you can also create multiple frontends. These frontends holds the configuration with the instance key as well as the way of frontend implementation. As well as with feeds, you can also select sales channel domains to enable the implementation only for certain languages.

### Changed
- Some massive performance updates are done. Especially feeds with 25k products or more will benefit from this update
- The configuration of the plugin is moved from the custom fields in the sales channel properties, to the Settings > Extension module. You will find two new modules there to manage the feeds and the frontends. 

## [1.0.4] - 24-04-2023

### Fixed
- Added fallback in progressbar content to prevent critical error

### Changed
- Changed the way of defining the categories so the order of categories is as it is defined and disabled categories will not show up in the feed.
- Feed will only be generated by console command to prevent realtime generation of feed and causing performance issues

## [1.0.3] - 20-04-2023

### Changed
- Optimized the feed to only link products to categories that are exported
- Improved performance of feed generation

## [1.0.2] - 12-04-2023

### Changed
- Make the extension work from Shopware v6.4.6

### Fixed
- Removed wrong association to customField
- In the template of the feed, the price was rounded while this was already done in the generation of data which could lead to wrongly rounded prices. In the template we don't do any rounding of prices anymore.

## [1.0.1] - 31-03-2023

### Fixed
- Search is now only searching in the root category of the current shop

### Changed
- Labels on the result pages are now translated based on the language of the domain
- By changing a bit of code, we are now supporting Shopware 6.4.10 and higher
- Some inline Javascript is moved towards a dedicated JS file


## [1.0.0] - 28-03-2023

### Added
- Added automatic checks to find bugs earlier
- Made ready for Shopware store

## [0.9.6] - 28-03-2023

### Changed
- **[BREAKING]** The extension key is changed from RhTweakwise to RhaeTweakwise to comply to the rules of the Shopware store. Please make sure to install and activate the right plugin after you update the extension. 

## [0.9.5] - 27-03-2023

### Fixed
- Added right annotation for translator to prevent errors in logs 

## [0.9.4] - 27-03-2023

### Added
- Added translator to make sure labels can be translated even when the feed is built on CLI

## [0.9.3] - 27-03-2023

### Changed
- Generation of the feed is done different now. The feed is not based on a product comparison feed, but it is based on code within the plugin. If you are using the old way, this will still work, but please be aware of the new possibility of the feed. See the documentation for more information.

### Fixed
- Added some checks if we can add the custom fields of the sales channel to the page

## [0.9.2] - 07-03-2023

### Added
- A label property is now added to the product feed

### Fixed
- Fixed issue that was hiding results when submitting search form with basic javascript integration
- Resolved an issue with the subscriber throwing an error on async reloads of the frontend

## [0.9.1] - 03-03-2023

### Added
- Possibility to enable standard javascript implementation
- Added attributes new, discount and topseller to product feed

### Changed
- Added link to this changelog to the readme of the extension
- **[BREAKING]** Changed extension key from Tweakwise to RhTweakwise

### Fixed
- Exclude property group when one of the properties of that group was already set as a variant option.

## [0.9.0] - 24-02-2023

### Added
- Sales channel templates for Tweakwise product feed
