README.md, before:

# Tweakwise for Shopware 6
This extension will connect your Shopware 6 installation with Tweakwise.
With the software of Tweakwise, you will boost your conversions. More information
about Tweakwise can be found on their [website](https://www.tweakwise.com).

![Tweakwise](src/Resources/public/logo-tweakwise.png)

## About this extension
This extension is still in development. I will add more and more features over time.
At the moment the following features are supported:

### Feed
- Fully customizable product feed which out-of-the-box gives you a valid feed for Tweakwise (multi-channel, multi-language)
- Advanced pricing
- Variants

### JavaScript implementation
- Instant search
- Suggestions (including search phrases, categories and facets)
- Merchandise
- Recommendations (featured products and cross-selling)

_All features are tested on a default Shopware 6.4 and 6.5 installation and in a real-life webshop._

## Changelog
Do you want an overview of all changes in the past versions? Just have a look at the [changelog](CHANGELOG.md).

## Documentation
[Checkout the documentation](DOC.md)


## Support
If you have any question regarding the plugin or do you think you found a bug? Please contact Tweakwise. They will provide the first level of support. 

If you want a specific feature in the extension which is not (yet) implemented, please [reach out](mailto:support@richardhaeser.com) and I can make a proposal to get it
in as soon as possible.

## About me
My name is Richard Haeser. I'm a freelance PHP-developer and specialised in creating value
for your business. Most of my work is based on Symfony, Shopware or TYPO3. Want to know more about me?
Check out my [website](https://www.richardhaeser.com).

![richardhaeser.com](src/Resources/public/logo-richardhaeser.png)

Commit message:

[TASK] Add note about dynamic product groups

README.md, after:

# Tweakwise for Shopware 6
This extension will connect your Shopware 6 installation with Tweakwise.
With the software of Tweakwise, you will boost your conversions. More information
about Tweakwise can be found on their [website](https://www.tweakwise.com).

![Tweakwise](src/Resources/public/logo-tweakwise.png)

## About this extension
This extension is still in development. I will add more and more features over time.
At the moment the following features are supported:

### Feed
- Fully customizable product feed which out-of-the-box gives you a valid feed for Tweakwise (multi-channel, multi-language)
- Advanced pricing
- Variants

> [!IMPORTANT]  
> Be aware that dynamic product groups are currently not supported.

### JavaScript implementation
- Instant search
- Suggestions (including search phrases, categories and facets)
- Merchandise
- Recommendations (featured products and cross-selling)

_All features are tested on a default Shopware 6.4 and 6.5 installation and in a real-life webshop._

## Changelog
Do you want an overview of all changes in the past versions? Just have a look at the [changelog](CHANGELOG.md).

## Documentation
[Checkout the documentation](DOC.md)


## Support
If you have any question regarding the plugin or do you think you found a bug? Please contact Tweakwise. They will provide the first level of support. 

If you want a specific feature in the extension which is not (yet) implemented, please [reach out](mailto:support@richardhaeser.com) and I can make a proposal to get it
in as soon as possible.

## About me
My name is Richard Haeser. I'm a freelance PHP-developer and specialised in creating value
for your business. Most of my work is based on Symfony, Shopware or TYPO3. Want to know more about me?
Check out my [website](https://www.richardhaeser.com).

![richardhaeser.com](src/Resources/public/logo-richardhaeser.png)
